The lights have
been flickering.
Yeah.
The streetlights too.
Brownout's started.
Mr. Alderson,
you're under arrest.
Grab the computers.
Get the hard drives.
All the USB drives.
I want you to lead
the D.C. op.
You can stay here
and crash on the couch.
Home would be better.
Have you spoken
to the administration?
We're not there yet.
There he is,
Terry Colby, the CTO.
You can't be
offering me a job there.
You're
testifying against them.
But, in business,
grudges aren't really a thing.
You do work at E Corp.
I never said that.
Best-case scenario,
I lose my job
and plea-bargain
down a jail sentence.
I'm backed
into a corner.
I wanted to be
Claudia Kincaid so bad.
Ollie Parker told me
about the CD at Allsafe.
Eventually, someone
will connect the dots,
and it'll catch up to you.
The Dark Army
are just hackers.
I clipped one of
the shooters in the leg.
He turned the gun
on himself.
He erased his history.
Tyrell's
always surprising me
with little gifts.
I have a contact attempting
to trace the phone calls,
but he needs more time.
Mobley and Trenton,
both are AWOL.
In that dream I had,
when I was being drowned,
it was when I
stopped fighting it.
That's when I survived.
Hello, Ollie.
It's a gift.
I wanted to give it
to you before I forgot.
That's my last
advance copy.
It's trending on
Amazon's Movers & Shakers.
It's ahead
of Trump's latest.
Can you believe
that cocksucker
is actually running
this time?
I mean, if I wanted,
the things I have on him
could put me
on his ticket.
Politics is for puppets.
Besides,
if you did run for office,
you'd no longer be
"The Last Honest Man."
Thank you, Terry.
Anyway, I need you
to see our friend,
Winston Campbell,
about this issue tonight.
I understand he still
owes you some favors.
He does.
Um...
But a UN vote allowing China
to annex the Congo?
Winston has
the president's ear.
I get it, but I got
to be honest, Phillip,
it's a little out there.
I know
from reading the Times
that China's got the tip
of its dick in the Congo...
And you want Winston
to tell Obama
to look the other way
while the chinks
fuck it dry. I mean...
I don't know,
to give them
national sovereignty
of another nation?
It's a little out there,
don't you think?
Central Africa's
a shit show.
After climate change,
it'll be a bunch of soon-to-be
corpses raging a civil war.
The Oval Office
could spin this
as a humanitarian
intervention.
Well, all due respect,
it's bullshit.
If he tells the ambassador
to vote "yes" on this,
Obama will be
forever known
as the man who gifted
Africa to China.
No.
That's the fine point.
Obama just needs to tell
his ambassador to abstain.
I, uh...
I don't suppose
you're gonna tell me
what all this has to do
with your ambitions.
Do this for me, Terry,
and I promise I
won't forget your help.
I mean,
the fucking Congo.
You know,
the Congo.
I mean, is there
a pocket of the world
you don't have
your hand in?
You're trading
countries like playing cards.
Isn't that what
history is all about?
Politically,
economically, geographically.
Imaginary lines
being drawn and redrawn,
over and over again?
Yeah.
Uh, Phillip,
I got to know.
What do you do it for?
I mean, all of it?
Honestly?
Yeah.
In my life,
as I was making my way,
I always asked
the question,
am I the most
powerful person in the room?
The answer
needed to be yes.
To this day,
I still ask that question.
And the answer
is still yes.
In every room in
the entire world,
the answer is yes.
With the exception of one.
Or two.
And that drives me.
I intend to leave a legacy,
the standard of which
was set by God
when he created the Earth
and man after his own image.
Anything less is
not worth mentioning.
I'm still against this.
The feds see us with him,
no telling
what conclusion they'll draw.
If you had done the job
you were tasked with,
we wouldn't be here.
He's coming.
Hello, Ollie.
Why isn't she
saying anything?
Is she trying to
get inside my head?
I still feel like
she can hear us.
I feel
like she can see me.
You're not
going anywhere.
I know
you're working
with my husband.
Tell me where he is.
Sorry, I don't know.
You're being honest
this time.
But you're gonna
find him for me.
No one's gonna find him.
I don't think I'll
be able to do that.
Now you're
back to lying.
Should I
tell her the truth?
Should I tell her
that her husband's dead?
You do that,
you'll guarantee
we don't walk
out of here alive.
On my first date
with Tyrell,
I saw this stunning redhead
wearing a pair
of cubic zirconia earrings.
I asked him
what he would do to
get me those earrings.
He told me he would do
whatever was necessary.
I told him
I wanted him
to fuck that woman
and bring me
her earrings.
The next morning,
I woke up to a gift.
These are
the cheapest things I own,
yet they're my favorite.
Tyrell would always
do what was necessary.
And at the end of that,
I would receive a gift.
That's why
I know he's alive.
he's been calling me.
That's why
he sent me this phone.
Because he's doing
what's necessary.
You talked to him?
He called me last night.
That's impossible.
He wants to let me
know that he's okay.
He has a plan.
He told you that?
No.
We haven't spoken.
He's protecting me.
That's what you do
for your partner.
The calls come up
as unknown.
I've tried to
have him tracked,
but I've been unsuccessful.
Is this something you might
be able to accomplish?
This bitch is
blood simple, Elliot.
She's the wife of the psycho
who strangled that woman,
the same psycho who is
this close to doing
the same to you.
If we're around
when she learns
that Tyrell is dead,
you don't think
she'll have us killed?
He's right.
It's not worth it.
I'm sorry.
Can't help you.
Do you really
want to say no to me?
I mean,
where did he come from?
I found him
gasping on the couch.
And you
brought him here?
I wasn't gonna
fuckin' leave him there.
He was saying your name.
I figured he was
one of your guys.
Vincent. Vincent!
Fuck.
I mean,
what is wrong with him?
The hell am I
supposed to know?
Where are the others?
He was the only one there.
I had to cab it
straight back here.
Who the fuck is this guy?
He was one of the D.C. guys
who did the Capitol Hill job.
We got to get this
guy to a hospital.
No hospitals.
How do we know
he doesn't have
a tracker on him
or a bug?
Jesus.
That looks like
internal bleeding.
This guy's gonna die.
All we got to do is
drop him off at an ER.
He knows my face,
my name.
He's gonna wake up
to a drip of morphine.
I can't risk him talking.
And what?
He knew what he was
getting himself into.
If we don't get
him help right now,
he's gonna die.
How does that not
compute for you?
Our focus is finding
Trenton and Mobley.
Trenton and Mobley
might already be dead!
Jesus, you're
completely fucking losing it!
You wanna act like
you're on top of things,
but you're not.
You're buried way underneath.
You're not a leader.
You're not special.
Yeah, your guys did the hack,
but you fumbled your way
into this
ridiculous freak accident.
That ain't leading!
It's time
to drop the charade
like this was all
part of the plan
and wake the fuck up!
There's no way that you can
justify letting him die.
Where's Agent Yang?
Excuse me?
Agent Yang?
Back there.
Yes, yeah, yeah, that's
correct. It's no court.
Yeah, I got it. I got it.
Do we know the ETA on that?
I'm sorry,
conference call.
Can you
believe this house?
Mm, Yup,
sure is real nice.
We should seriously consider
pooling our money together.
It's probably going to
be on the market soon.
So what happened
here exactly?
I was told that it had
something to do
with the D.C. activists.
Teabaggers, yeah.
They were found two
days ago in Maryland.
A car chase ensued.
Ended badly.
One got away,
the rest were
apprehended.
This is where they
were supposed to meet.
Owner's an E Corp lawyer.
Supposed to be on vacation.
Starting to look more like
she's missing.
I'm sorry, hon,
I'm still not entirely sure
why I was called here.
Oh!
That's from
someone three doors down.
He was seen here.
He and another
male were spotted
around 10:00 p.m.
getting into a cab.
The description
matches a person of interest
in your code name case.
Wait, he was here tonight?
Have you found the cab?
If this is really the guy,
why did we burn the house?
How come we didn't put
surveillance on him?
What was
the thought process here?
You know, Director Comey's
taking a more aggressive
strategy on everything
ever since the shit hit
the fan over that video.
Yeah.
I can walk you through
the report if we need to.
Check with Agent Burke, yes.
Is this the future
I was fighting for?
The system is hung,
frozen in limbo.
Did we lose the fight?
Maybe wars aren't
meant to be won.
Maybe they're
meant to be continuous.
Maybe Ray had it
right all along.
These people are certifiable.
You
should be going home,
not working with
these wack jobs.
She's a grieving wife.
She wants to believe
he's alive.
Who do you think's
making those calls?
Her husband's
the most wanted man
in the country.
A ton of people hate her
just by association.
We need to stop
at Micro Center.
We're only making one stop.
Your apartment.
The cops
confiscated everything.
It'll be weeks
before I can get it back.
If you want
this done tonight,
I need hardware.
This is a composite
from Ollie Parker's testimony.
This is a sketch
from a description
a neighbor gave us
just now,
at Susan Jacobs's house.
These are from two
separate witnesses.
This is the same guy.
We have fresh
evidence on this guy.
He's not tainted.
We're gonna put out a BOLO.
If you do that,
the Dark Army
will kill him.
Not this again.
If this sketch
gets on the news,
he's as good as dead.
I'm telling you,
they won't let
one of their own
be known by law
enforcement like that.
As it is now,
they might already know.
We lost Sunil Markesh.
We can't let it happen
with this guy.
Just give me...
Dom?
We're going to
the media for this one.
And we're using this.
Look,
this whole, slow roll
that you and the rest of us
have been working up,
it didn't work.
It's time to embrace
the Bureau's new direction.
Yeah, it's Santiago.
Well, tell him I
need him right away.
Dom,
I have Agent Thomas looking
into cab companies.
He may have found a lead
to where this guy went.
Hook up with him.
A cryptocurrency
regulated by Evil Corp.
The hypocrisy
isn't surprising.
A special Evil Corp discount
if we use their new money.
If you ever
needed a sign
that our work
is not done yet,
this is it.
Even if you
track the call to some
crank yanker down the street,
when you give him the info,
you should...
Place the call far away.
Like another
country far.
The phone.
It's the one Joanna gave me.
Hello?
Tell me
you heard that, too.
It can't be him, can it?
And why is
Mr. Robot suddenly gone?
Keep going.
Elliot?
What does he
have to do with
Stage Two?
I was hoping
you could tell me.
I could've just
dropped him off at the door.
You didn't have to...
I couldn't just leave him.
I needed to be here.
You were right back there.
I'm not special.
It's Elliot.
He's the one with the plan,
the one they're
taking seriously.
You know,
I always thought it was crazy
we got away with this.
I thought there was
something special about me
that made it happen.
But it wasn't me,
Mobley, Trenton, or Romero.
It was him.
It's always been him.
When I was five, our parents
took us to Coney Island.
It was my dad's idea of
an Alderson family outing.
What are you doing?
Making a high-powered antenna.
I need to piggyback
off someone else's Wi-Fi.
I remember looking up
at this roller coaster
thinking it was the highest
thing I had ever seen.
Of course, I wasn't
tall enough to go on it,
so my dad went with Elliot,
and I had to
wait with my mom.
I don't remember exactly
what happened next,
but somehow I got lost.
You know, most kids
get scared shitless
when they're alone,
but I wasn't.
I loved it.
All of a sudden,
I felt
someone grab me around
the waist and pick me up.
It was this old woman.
She was skinny and tall.
She had this smeared,
almost pink lipstick.
She held on to me tight.
I thought about screaming,
but I didn't.
I didn't want to.
And we
went to Nathan's,
and she said
that I could have
whatever I wanted.
My parents never
asked me what I wanted.
Ever.
It was the first time
I ever really felt special.
We started
driving to her house,
and I definitely
remember thinking
that something wasn't right,
but I just looked at
her and her lipstick
and let it happen.
And then we got to her house,
and she showed me my room,
and it had one of those beds
with the curtains around it.
And I did
feel like a princess.
I remember thinking
that this was my new home
and my new life,
and I didn't have to see
my parents ever again.
It was like a wish I had that
all of a sudden came true.
And I went to
sleep just hoping
that this wasn't
all a dream,
and I wasn't
just gonna wake up
in my old bed.
And sure enough,
the next morning,
I was still there.
But then
the police barged in.
And when they took me
downstairs, there were
cops everywhere.
I didn't even get to
see the woman again.
And then they
put me in their car
and took me home.
I still wonder
what my life
would've been like
if I had stayed.
But if I had stayed,
then I wouldn't have Elliot.
There are a lot of
guys working on this.
None of them
could figure it out.
What's that for?
For impersonating
an NYPD officer.
All cell carriers have
a law enforcement hotline.
Instead of hacking
the carrier,
if the situation's
urgent enough,
you can just ask them to track
a blocked call for you.
Is it done?
Not yet.
Need a few minutes
for the spoof fax
to go through.
It needs to propagate
through their system.
No one in the world uses
fax anymore except cops.
Half of me
wants it to be him.
Half of me doesn't.
Before working
for the Wellicks,
I had a list of clients,
all of them eccentric
in one form or another.
I worked for this one guy
who used
to masturbate in the car.
He used to have
me drop him off
at Carnegie Hall.
He was a first
chair violinist.
God,
now he wants to have
a heart-to-heart.
Focusing on you
helps drown him out...
One of those
Stradivarius violins
from the 1700s.
Like talking to someone
in a crowded restaurant.
Take it everywhere with him...
All the other
voices and noises
fade into the background.
Somehow your brain is able
to decode the components
of that complex
auditory space.
Can you feel it?
Good.
That gives us time to talk.
Is Mr. Robot MIA
because he's afraid?
Afraid of what I might find
when I'm done with this hack?
Why did that phone
call freak him out?
Could he have
lied about Tyrell?
What's his move here?
Do you remember
the last thing he wanted?
He kept wanting to come
back home, remember?
There must be
something here that he needs.
He's been bringing it up
since we left prison.
Can you help?
Can you look?
Do you see anything?
And, now, they're
moving to the next step.
Yes, the next step.
You know what
the next step is?
Blackouts. Why?
So they can take
away your power,
and I am not talking
about your electricity.
I'm talking
about your computers,
your access to the Internet,
your television, your phone.
What does that
all add up to?
Information.
Those wounds
aren't fresh.
Do you have any idea
what happened to him?
It puts them in control.
Uh, we...
We went over to his place
and found him like that.
Is he gonna be all right?
He's on a respirator.
They're gonna do a CT scan
and run some other tests.
We should know more in about
an hour or so.
Okay.
Thank you.
Well, we got
an hour to kill.
Hungry?
Yeah.
Hi, this is Detective
Richard Hannigan, NYPD,
Eleventh precinct,
badge number 22350.
I just faxed
over an exigent form
for a suicidal person.
Can you confirm
that you received it?
Yeah, I got a guy who
called his girlfriend's cell
saying he's
gonna shoot himself.
Yeah, all of them
came in blocked.
Perfect, can you see
if it's one of yours?
Can you ping that phone
for a current location?
You've been a huge help.
I'll call you
if there's something else.
Got it.
God damn it.
Is that where
the phone is right now?
Within 12 meters.
Is it him?
Clear.
Clear!
Trust me,
he wouldn't be calling
from that house.
Has issued a BOLO on the man
pictured in this sketch.
Given FBI cyber involvement,
we can only speculate
at this time
that the man in this sketch
may be wanted in relation
to the infamous
Five/Nine attack.
I have money
stashed at a hackerspace
on Canal.
Okay, we make sure
Vincent's all right.
We wipe your place down,
and then we bolt.
We can target them
from afar
for more intel
on Trenton and Mobley.
Darlene, you know
we can't leave.
They don't own us.
We played by their rules,
and those fuckers still hit
Trenton and Mobley.
I am so sick
of always worrying
about switching cabs
and phones and trains
and always looking behind...
Just calm down, okay?
He was waiting here?
Yeah, they were...
They?
Who was he with?
Male or female?
Dom, we're reviewing
the security footage.
Let her finish.
A woman.
His girlfriend, I think.
They were waiting here.
They were really concerned
about their friend.
They waited
for about an hour,
and then I told them we were
sending him up for some tests.
And that's when
they left?
I'm sorry, I wasn't
paying attention.
If it helps, I told them
to come back in an hour.
At this point,
they're definitely
not coming back here.
He probably
saw the BOLO.
He's freaking out.
Probably hiding.
It might take some time,
but we'll get him.
I got your messages.
Sorry it took so long
to get here.
What's wrong?
Why did you
start fsociety?
I didn't want
to involve you.
An FBI agent
came to my place.
Look, let's just sit
here and chill a minute.
Right? We'll come up
with something.
Sometimes
the best decision
is not making one.
Fine.
Why'd it take you so
long to call it in?
The TV's right there.
It's okay.
You didn't do anything wrong.
I'm just trying
to figure something out.
It's probably because
Janice turns it to the news
when her shift starts.
They didn't see it.
The TV.
They're coming back.
They probably
didn't go too far.
I can fix this, okay?
I will fix...
I'm gonna confess.
I've already called my lawyer.
I'm on my way to meet her now.
I can't keep pretending
like this is gonna go away.
We can't beat them.
Trust me, I've tried.
No matter what we do,
we will always lose to them.
I'm gonna tell 'em that
I planted the femtocell.
I would never involve
any of you,
so I'm just gonna
own up for what I did.
But sooner or later, Elliot,
this will all catch up to you.
Thank you.
Ooh.
What the fuck
are you doing?
What?
If you wanted some,
you should've
ordered your own.
You know I'm not into
that family-style shit.
Oh. Oops.
You're such an asshole.
How am I
supposed to help
the ones I care about
when every step I take
puts them in greater danger?
This was my plan,
and I hid in a cage
while everyone else
took all the risk.
I mean, fuck.
We have to talk
to each other
on the subway.
It's a long way
from getting high
and watching
Back to the Future II.
Yeah, we never did
get around to doing that.
Excuse me,
have you seen
a young couple
walk past recently coming
from that direction?
No, I didn't see anyone.
She's got dark hair,
he's wearing
a baseball hat.
Do you remember
when I found you
at the Queens Museum?
You were pacing
and screaming
at the staff,
because they couldn't
see whoever you said
you were seeing.
Was it your dad then too,
or was it someone else?
I don't remember
that at all.
Elliot, I don't know
if you started all of this
because of him.
But whatever he is,
you can't work with him.
Don't trick yourself
into thinking that.
If I was gonna
eat around here,
where would I go?
There's nothing
around here.
You've got to go over,
like, five blocks.
There's still a few
places open over there.
You should probably
get off here.
I don't want
to leave her.
Send all units
to Watts and Sixth Ave.
Get down! Down
on the ground!
Green! Green! FBI!
Don't shoot!